VERTIGO GAMES

GAME DEVELOPER DEMO

It is recommended to play “Card game” in Critical Strike to understand instructions clearly.

You will use the provided UI assets for visual implementation of the game. UI that doesn’t follow rules will not be

accepted. You are going to develop a wheel of fortune game.

Here’s how it works:

● Instead of selecting cards the player will spin the wheel.

● Content of slices of each wheel should also be changeable from the editor

● At every zone, the player spins the wheel that includes multiple rewards and the bomb.

● One of the slices is a bomb that will take all the rewards that you’ve collected until that point while other slices

are rew.cards that get better every zone

● Every 5th zone is a safe zone: risk-free silver spin without a bomb.

● Every 30th zone is a super zone: risk-free golden spin with special rewards and without the bomb.

● Player can choose to leave when wheel is not spinning and when the zone is safe or at the super zone

● When a player hits a bomb, all the rewards will be lost and the game can be restarted. You can implement

continue system with currency but this feature is just a bonus for demo

In other words, it’s a game of gambling. If the player chooses to spin the wheel, there is a chance to increase the

reward that they will receive and a chance to lose it all. Before spinning the wheel, the player has a chance to walk

away and collect all the rewards they received until that point.

What you will send:

●

●

●

Video of the game working

Screenshots of the game with 20:9, 16:9 and 4:3 aspect ratio

Github project with APK updated as Release

Conditions that your project will be reviewed on:

● Must watch and learn list

○

○

Türkçe Unity 3D Dersi 1 -  Unity Başlangıç

How to make a menu in Unity - UI Tutorial

○ https://refactoring.guru/refactoring

○ https://refactoring.guru/design-patterns

● Proper working .apk uploaded GitHub as “release” file according to the above instructions

● Reusable, maintainable, scalable and easy testable codebase

● SOLID Using OOP principles and concepts

● Visually acceptable, Lean and reusable Unity UI hierarchy compatible with different aspects: 20:9, 16:9, 4:3

● UI Technical Details

○ Canvas mode Expand

○ Use TextMeshPro

○ For changeable UI elements, names should end with “_value”

○ Namings should be from root general to specific like: “ui_image_spin_silver”

○ No “RaycastTarget - Maskable” Enabled for unnecessary Image components

○ UI animators should not be in root transform but in separated transforms

○ Anchors and pivot should be correct to avoid issues for other aspect

○ Button references should be automatically set from OnValidate Editor codes

○ Use Sliced Sprites in Image components

○ Do not use unity OnClick or event references from Editor

○ Do not stretch images

Pluses:

● Proper usage of Scriptable objects, Dotween, Sprite Atlas

● Use Unity 2021 LTS

● Send the .apk build and github link of the project

The deadline is 7 days. As we do not have military rules, if there is any unexpected situation, please inform us for

extra time.

Example Visual Quality:

